Konnect ports/hostnames (#531)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/sections/data-plane-node-ports.md

> In general, the proxy ports are the *only* ports that should be made available to your clients. Upstream services are accessible via the proxy interface and ports, so make sure that these values only grant the access level you require. 
> 
> Your proxy will need rules added for any HTTP/HTTPS and TCP/TLS stream listeners that you configure. For example, if you want {{site.base_gateway}} to manage traffic on port `4242`, your firewall must allow traffic on that port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proxy ports are the *only* ports that should be made available to your clients. Upstream services are accessible via the proxy interface and ports, so make sure that these values only grant the access level you require. 

Your proxy will need rules added for any HTTP/HTTPS and TCP/TLS stream listeners that you configure. For example, if you want {{site.base_gateway}} to manage traffic on port `4242`, your firewall must configure the route to allow traffic on that port.
```
